Update nft client to use CIS-2 (#7)
Concordium/concordium-use-case-examples: nft-client/README.md

Call the smart contract function for minting a number of NFTs with provided token IDs.
This command will result in a transaction on the blockchain and requires account keys, see section for setting up account keys.

> This command will **not** work for any CIS2 smart contract, because the function for minting is not part of the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will **not** work for all CIS2 smart contracts, because the function for minting is not part of the specification.
```

I read the current sentence as: "no CIS2 smart contract exists for which the minting function will work."
